---
name: Chuck Ng
site: 
bio: USA Partner of PreAngel
avatar: /assets/peoples/chuck-ng/avatar.webp
email: chuck.ng@gmail.com
twitter: https://twitter.com/chuckprojectpai
---

Chuck Ng is an entrepreneur, tech investor and community leader. He has invested in multiple tech companies including unicorns like Databricks, Ironclad, Mammoth Biosciences, Wyre (acq Bolt $1.5B). He is also an advisor/partner to a number of global big tech including SK Telecom, Alibaba & Huawei Mobile etc. Previously, Chuck has cofounded a number of companies including Eureka Therapeutics, a leading cancer/T-cell therapy company. He was Chairman of Audit Committee of Vimicro (Nasdaq: VIMC).

Aside from his professional work, Chuck dedicates a considerable amount of time to community building/services, entrepreneurship and mentorship. He is President of UC Berkeley Alumni Club of the Year BCAIA, Asia Society Global Young Leaders Silicon Valley, and Tsinghua SEM Business School North America Alumni Assoc. (TIEMBA) whose board members include Elon Musk/Tesla, Mark Zuckerberg/Meta, Tim Cook/Apple, etc.. Chuck has been a mentor advisor at MIT, CMU, Berkeley, Tsinghua Schwarzman College etc. He recently cofounded the World Leading Scientists Institute(WLSI) with a number of Nobel & Turing Laureates to facilitate better US/Asia collaborations. In recognition of his leadership, Chuck was awarded UC Berkeley Bradford King Young Alumnus of the Year, Asia Society Asia 21 Young Leaders, the "PayPalian" Award, the highest award at PayPal. Chuck Ng is an entrepreneur, tech investor and community leader. He has invested in multiple tech companies including unicorns like Databricks, Ironclad, Mammoth Biosciences, Wyre (acq Bolt $1.5B). He is also an advisor/partner to a number of global big tech including SK Telecom, Alibaba & Huawei Mobile etc. Previously, Chuck has cofounded a number of companies including Eureka Therapeutics, a leading cancer/T-cell therapy company. He was Chairman of Audit Committee of Vimicro (Nasdaq: VIMC). Aside from his professional work, Chuck dedicates a considerable amount of time to community building/services, entrepreneurship and mentorship.  He is President of UC Berkeley Alumni Club of the Year BCAIA, Asia Society Global Young Leaders Silicon Valley, and Tsinghua SEM Business School North America Alumni Assoc. (TIEMBA) whose board members include Elon Musk/Tesla, Mark Zuckerberg/Meta, Tim Cook/Apple, etc.. Chuck has been a mentor advisor at MIT, CMU, Berkeley, Tsinghua Schwarzman College etc. He recently cofounded the World Leading Scientists Institute(WLSI) with a number of Nobel & Turing Laureates to facilitate better US/Asia collaborations. In recognition of his leadership, Chuck was awarded UC Berkeley Bradford King Young Alumnus of the Year, Asia Society Asia 21 Young Leaders, the "PayPalian" Award, the highest award at PayPal.
